# Introduction to personalization

A cloud-based personalization service leverages artificial intelligence and machine learning 
technologies to deliver optimized customer experience. 
You can capture user preferences and interests to offer personalized content.

There are different areas where you can apply recommendations. 
The most common ones are [eCommerce and content publishing](use_cases.md).

!!! note "eCommerce vs. content publishing"

    This guide tends to mention eCommerce use cases more often but serves to provide 
    a thorough understanding of the content publishing context as well.

    Both products or content items can be referred to as content and the BUY event can be understood as
    the CONSUME event.

Before you can use the personalization service, you must [enable it](enabling_personalization.md).
After you do it, for the service to generate relevant recommendations, 
you can [change the default configuration](perso_configuration.md), and then 
you can [feed it with data](content_import.md), or wait until the service gathers 
enough information about the [monitored content](content_types.md) and [events](event_types.md). 
On a website with more than 100 clicks per day, one day of collecting data should 
be sufficient for the first recommendations.
Recommendations become better with time and the amount of data collected.

Once the results are generated by the service, you can present them to the user 
by embedding recommendation lists in your pages and screens.
Both event tracking and results publishing is done by the administrators, according to 
the procedure [described in the developer documentation](https://doc.ibexa.co/en/latest/guide/personalization/personalization_quickstart/#integration).
